Types of Software Testing:

Introduction:

Testing is the process of executing a program with the aim of finding errors. To make our software perform well it should be error-free. If testing is done successfully it will 
remove all the errors from the software.

Types of testing:

1. Unit Testing
It focuses on the smallest unit of software design. In this, we test an individual unit or group of interrelated units. It is often done by the programmer by using sample input and 
observing its corresponding outputs.

2. Integration Testing
The objective is to take unit tested components and build a program structure that has been dictated by design. Integration testing is testing in which a group of components is 
combined to produce output. 

a)Black box testing:It is a software testing method in which the implementation of the item being tested is not known to the tester.
--Mostly done by software tester.

b)White box testing:It is a software testing method in which the implementation of the item being tested is known to the tester.
--Mostly done by software developer.

3. Regression Testing
Every time a new module is added leads to changes in the program. This type of testing makes sure that the whole component works properly even after adding components to the complete 
program. 

4. Smoke Testing
This test is done to make sure that software under testing is ready or stable for further testing 
It is called a smoke test as the testing an initial pass is done to check if it did not catch the fire or smoke in the initial switch on. 

5. Alpha Testing
This is a type of validation testing. It is a type of acceptance testing which is done before the product is released to customers. It is typically done by QA people. 

6. Beta Testing
The beta test is conducted at one or more customer sites by the end-user of the software. This version is released for a limited number of users for testing in a real-time environment 

7. System Testing
This software is tested such that it works fine for the different operating systems. It is covered under the black box testing technique. In this, we just focus on the required 
input and output without focusing on internal working.

8. Stress Testing
In this, we give unfavorable conditions to the system and check how they perform in those conditions. 

(a) Test cases that require maximum memory or other
    resources are executed
(b) Test cases that may cause thrashing in a virtual 
    operating system
(c) Test cases that may cause excessive disk requirement

9. Performance Testing
It is designed to test the run-time performance of software within the context of an integrated system. It is used to test the speed and effectiveness of the program. It is also 
called load testing. In it we check, what is the performance of the system in the given load.

10. Object-Oriented Testing
This testing is a combination of various testing techniques that help to verify and validate object-oriented software. This testing is done in the following manner: 

Testing of Requirements,
Design and Analysis of Testing,
Testing of Code,
Integration testing,
System testing,
User Testing.






























